in November two buses will travel from
San Diego to Panama to stay with land
based communities and participate in
projects that will leave a regenerative
impact this is the earth Odyssey
the purpose of the earth Odyssey is to
activate an online network for
intentional travelers with projects
around the globe this is project nuevo
mundo those on the bus have been
selected for skills that lead to a more
regenerative planet there are
permaculture engineers natural building
experts and holistic practitioners they
will be accompanied by a film
documentary team they are called eco
nuts this is our story hi my name is
David Casey you're about to watch a
video of project my window and our earth
Odyssey bus tour
project nuevo mundo is for connecting
individual people seeking meaningful
experiences with impact centers looking
for supportive people to create a
regenerative planet the building a
network between villages because you
feel that there isn't the support system
there for these villages and these
impact centers to really thrive they
need a source or a platform in order to
connect with these with these passionate
individuals who want to come out there
and help they also need a platform to be
able to attract people who want to
participate in their retreat and their
events that they have and with the their
budget technology issues being so far
off the grid we want to provide a
valuable network so that communities can
share resources and connect with
passionate individuals who want to
create a new world this campaign is a
seed so that we can continue doing this
and we can share this with you and many
other people we want to tell the story
of proyecto no mundo because that way we
can share what we are learning as we are
learning it and also we can inspire
others to do similar actions hi we're
Republicans life a visual art collective
focusing and filming sustainability
projects all around the world we are in
a roll right now we are in the middle of
the jungle in the Peruvian Amazon we're
familiar Shapiro community which is
indigenous people from the area we're
going to be your media team for the
project mogul mundo earth Odyssey tour
bringing you videos from different
impact centers along the way with your
support thank you thanks muchas gracias
one of the reasons I got involved in to
permaculture was to actually take those
those techniques in those ideas to the
indigenous communities where I've been
working in Mexico so I see I see no
mundo as a perfect opportunity to expand
that work and to connect all those
projects with indigenous communities and
give them a voice give them a voice so
that they can reach out to the rest of
the world and find the people they
really need to make their projects
amazingly the reality follow our
campaign as we follow the stories of
these equinox learn how they have
developed the skills that enable them to
participate in sustainable communities
that nurture mind body soul and planet
we imagine that if you're watching this
video you are already on the path to
becoming an eco not this campaign is an
opportunity for you to connect with a
movement that is happening all over the
world eco not is kind of like an
astronaut but instead of being an
ambassador of space or ambassadors of
ecology and they
my name is Jessica protein and I am an
eco nut your contribution will bring 20
eco nuts to emerald village host to
convergence on village building before
heading south to offer their services to
these impact centers at each site they
will gather with indigenous groups and
local organizations to conduct
educational workshops that will leave
gardens and structures behind our
rewards offer experiences at these sites
such as the cosmic convergence gathering
at Lake atitlán in Guatemala where you
can stay with the earth Odyssey camp
participate in ceremonies and land
projects and dance and dance one of the
key tenets of padukone window to me is
showing up wherever you are you're a
valuable asset to your community so
however you choose to show up in this
campaign will be beautiful contribute at
the highest level and the project nuevo
mundo team will work directly with you
to help you quit the city and join a
village community this is your movement
there will be more buses coming that
will connect people to projects all over
the world and we expect you to be on bus
one day among our rewards are online
skill sharing and art prints from the
Eco knots themselves check out our
website at www org and check for updates
on the earth Odyssey campaign there are
more stories to be told and we are so
excited to be working with you in the
movement that links up the network of
thriving sustainable communities now is
the time contribute to our campaign
share this video and tell our story to a
local group that works on sustainable
community solutions take this campaign
personally you hold the keys to a
regenerative planet
this is the earth Odyssey of project and
wave o mundo